---
layout: default
navtitle: Subs-Categories.php
title: ./Sources/Subs-Categories.php
count: 3
---

### modifyCategory

```php
function modifyCategory($category_id, $catOptions)
```
Edit the position and properties of a category.

general function to modify the settings and position of a category.
used by ManageBoards.php to change the settings of a category.

Type|Parameter|Description
---|---|---
`php int`|`php $category_id`|The ID of the category
`php array`|`php $catOptions`|An array containing data and options related to the category

### createCategory

```php
function createCategory($catOptions)
```
Create a new category.

general function to create a new category and set its position.
allows (almost) the same options as the modifyCat() function.
returns the ID of the newly created category.

Type|Parameter|Description
---|---|---
`php array`|`php $catOptions`|An array of data and settings related to the new category. Should have at least 'cat_name' and can also have 'cat_desc', 'move_after' and 'is_collapsable'

### deleteCategories

```php
function deleteCategories($categories, $moveBoardsTo = null)
```
Remove one or more categories.

general function to delete one or more categories.
allows to move all boards in the categories to a different category before deleting them.
if moveChildrenTo is set to null, all boards inside the given categories will be deleted.
deletes all information that's associated with the given categories.
updates the statistics to reflect the new situation.

Type|Parameter|Description
---|---|---
`php array`|`php $categories`|The IDs of the categories to delete
`php int`|`php $moveBoardsTo`|The ID of the category to move any boards to or null to delete the boards

