---
layout: default
navtitle: PersonalMessage.php
title: ./Sources/PersonalMessage.php
count: 23
---

### MessageMain

```php
function MessageMain()
```
This helps organize things.

..

### messageIndexBar

```php
function messageIndexBar($area)
```
A menu to easily access different areas of the PM section



Type|Parameter|Description
---|---|---
`php string`|`php $area`|The area we're currently in

### MessagePopup

```php
function MessagePopup()
```
The popup for when we ask for the popup from the user.



### MessageFolder

```php
function MessageFolder()
```
A folder, ie. inbox/sent etc.



### prepareMessageContext

```php
function prepareMessageContext($type = 'subject', $reset = false)
```
Get a personal message for the theme.  (used to save memory.)



Type|Parameter|Description
---|---|---
`php string`|`php $type`|The type of message
`php bool`|`php $reset`|Whether to reset the internal pointer

### MessageSearch

```php
function MessageSearch()
```
Allows searching through personal messages.



### MessageSearch2

```php
function MessageSearch2()
```
Actually do the search of personal messages.



### MessagePost

```php
function MessagePost()
```
Send a new message?



### MessageDrafts

```php
function MessageDrafts()
```
This function allows the user to view their PM drafts



### messagePostError

```php
function messagePostError($error_types, $named_recipients, $recipient_ids = array())
```
An error in the message.

..

Type|Parameter|Description
---|---|---
`php array`|`php $error_types`|An array of strings indicating which type of errors occurred
`php array`|`php $named_recipients`|
`php `|`php $recipient_ids`|

### MessagePost2

```php
function MessagePost2()
```
Send it!



### MessageActionsApply

```php
function MessageActionsApply()
```
This function performs all additional stuff.

..

### MessageKillAll

```php
function MessageKillAll()
```
Delete ALL the messages!



### MessagePrune

```php
function MessagePrune()
```
This function allows the user to delete all messages older than so many days.



### deleteMessages

```php
function deleteMessages($personal_messages, $folder = null, $owner = null)
```
Delete the specified personal messages.



Type|Parameter|Description
---|---|---
`php array&#124;null`|`php $personal_messages`|An array containing the IDs of PMs to delete or null to delete all of them
`php string&#124;null`|`php $folder`|Which "folder" to delete PMs from - 'sent' to delete them from the outbox, null or anything else to delete from the inbox
`php array&#124;int&#124;null`|`php $owner`|An array of IDs of users whose PMs are being deleted, the ID of a single user or null to use the current user's ID

### markMessages

```php
function markMessages($personal_messages = null, $label = null, $owner = null)
```
Mark the specified personal messages read.



Type|Parameter|Description
---|---|---
`php array&#124;null`|`php $personal_messages`|An array of PM IDs to mark or null to mark all
`php int&#124;null`|`php $label`|The ID of a label. If set, only messages with this label will be marked.
`php int&#124;null`|`php $owner`|If owner is set, marks messages owned by that member id

### ManageLabels

```php
function ManageLabels()
```
This function handles adding, deleting and editing labels on messages.



### MessageSettings

```php
function MessageSettings()
```
Allows to edit Personal Message Settings.

Uses Profile.php
Uses Profile-Modify.php
Uses Profile template.
Uses Profile language file.

### ReportMessage

```php
function ReportMessage()
```
Allows the user to report a personal message to an administrator.

- In the first instance requires that the ID of the message to report is passed through $_GET.
- It allows the user to report to either a particular administrator - or the whole admin team.
- It will forward on a copy of the original message without allowing the reporter to make changes.

### ManageRules

```php
function ManageRules()
```
List all rules, and allow adding/entering etc.

..

### ApplyRules

```php
function ApplyRules($all_messages = false)
```
This will apply rules to all unread messages. If all_messages is set will, clearly, do it to all!



Type|Parameter|Description
---|---|---
`php bool`|`php $all_messages`|Whether to apply this to all messages or just unread ones

### LoadRules

```php
function LoadRules($reload = false)
```
Load up all the rules for the current user.



Type|Parameter|Description
---|---|---
`php bool`|`php $reload`|Whether or not to reload all the rules from the database if $context['rules'] is set

### isAccessiblePM

```php
function isAccessiblePM($pmID, $validFor = 'in_or_outbox')
```
Check if the PM is available to the current user.



Type|Parameter|Description
---|---|---
`php int`|`php $pmID`|The ID of the PM
`php string`|`php $validFor`|Which folders this is valud for - can be 'inbox', 'outbox' or 'in_or_outbox'

