---
layout: default
title: RemoveTopic.php
count: 8
---

# ./Sources/RemoveTopic.php

### RemoveTopic2

```php
function RemoveTopic2()
```
Completely remove an entire topic.

Redirects to the board when completed.


### DeleteMessage

```php
function DeleteMessage()
```
Remove just a single post.

On completion redirect to the topic or to the board.


### RemoveOldTopics2

```php
function RemoveOldTopics2()
```
So long as you are sure... all old posts will be gone.

Used in ManageMaintenance.php to prune old topics.


### removeTopics

```php
function removeTopics($topics, $decreasePostCount = true, $ignoreRecycling = false, $updateBoardCount = true)
```
Removes the passed id_topic's. (permissions are NOT checked here!).



Type|Parameter|Name
---|---|---
array&#124;int|$topics|The topics to remove (can be an id or an array of ids).
bool|$decreasePostCount|Whether to decrease the users' post counts
bool|$ignoreRecycling|Whether to ignore recycling board settings
bool|$updateBoardCount|Whether to adjust topic counts for the boards

### removeMessage

```php
function removeMessage($message, $decreasePostCount = true)
```
Remove a specific message (including permission checks).

- normally, local and global should be the localCookies and globalCookies settings, respectively.
- uses boardurl to determine these two things.

Type|Parameter|Name
---|---|---
int|$message|The message id
bool|$decreasePostCount|Whether to decrease users' post counts

### RestoreTopic

```php
function RestoreTopic()
```
Move back a topic from the recycle board to its original board.




### mergePosts

```php
function mergePosts($msgs, $from_topic, $target_topic)
```
Take a load of messages from one place and stick them in a topic



Type|Parameter|Name
---|---|---
array|$msgs|The IDs of the posts to merge
int|$from_topic|The ID of the topic the messages were originally in
int|$target_topic|The ID of the topic the messages are being merged into

### removeDeleteConcurrence

```php
function removeDeleteConcurrence()
```
Try to determine if the topic has already been deleted by another user.




